- From smartphones to streaming music
technology has changed the way we live our everyday lives.
As technology impacts more of how we do what we do,
you don't want to be left behind
with a rotary phone and eight track player.
Learning new technical skills can help you reach more
of your personal and professional goals.
From using spreadsheets to easily keeping track
of your monthly budget, to updating your resume
to make it really stand out.
I'm Courtney Hodge, a program manager at Microsoft
and I'm passionate about helping people
use technology to make their lives easier.
In this course, I'll teach you the basics of Microsoft 365.
So you can start using these powerful tools
to make your life easier.
I'll share the ins and outs
of document creation with Microsoft Word.
I'll show you how to create tables and charts with Excel.
I'll walk you through easy
and accessible ways of implementing OneNote.
I'll also help you connect and communicate more effectively.
in Outlook and PowerPoint.
This course is all about helping you learn
how to use the latest technology
to start reaching your goals.
Are you with me?
Let's get started.